# Housing-Price-prediction-
Data science refers to the process of extraction of useful insights from data. This  interdisciplinary approach merges various fields of computer science, scientific processes and methods, and statistics in order to extract data in automated ways. In order to mine big data, which is closely associated with the field, data science uses a diverse range of techniques, tools and algorithms gleaned from the fields. In machine learning (ML), statistical methods are used to empower machines to learn without being programmed explicitly. The field focuses on letting algorithms learn from the provided data, collect insights, and make predictions on unanalyzed data based on the gathered information. In general, ML is based on three key models of learning algorithms:  ● Supervised machine learning algorithms  ● Unsupervised machine learning algorithms  ● Reinforcement machine learning algorithms  House price forecasting is an important topic of real estate. The literature attempts to derive useful knowledge from historical data of property markets. Machine learning techniques are applied to analyze historical property transactions in India to discover useful models for house buyers and sellers. Revealed is the high discrepancy between house prices in the most expensive and most affordable suburbs in the city. This project is implemented using supervised machine learning algorithms. The outcome of our project is to make predictions on the sales prices of the houses. Moreover, experiment is based on the Linear Regression
